Let's go over what you'll be needing to complete this course.
So the first thing that you're going to need to complete this course is photoshop.
Now if you don't have photoshop you can download a 30 day free trial from the Adobes download page which
I will leave a link to.
I'll leave a link to every page that I refer to in this course for you guys.
Now the way to download the 30 day trial is by either clicking on the icon or the text link for Photoshop
.
From there they're going to ask you for some information.
And after that it's pretty self-explanatory.
Now if you're planning on making money from creating digital art for animations or games which I assume
most of you are because you're taking this course you're going to need to buy Photoshop.
Now the way Adobe works is you pay for a monthly subscription fee and for Photoshop which is this package
right here it's 1999 a month which I think is a pretty damn good deal for all the things you can produce
with Photoshop.
Now you're also going to need a drawing tablet of some sorts one that you can plug into a computer and
draw with.
Now it's said that way comm makes the best tap drawing tablets.
And I would agree.
I use a tablet but I've also never used any other drawing tablets made by other companies so I cannot
say whether or not there are better tablets out there but for me my tablet has worked great and mine
is a way tablet.
Now let me show you what tablet exactly.
I am using the tablet I'm using is the way comm bamboo tablet which has worked really well for me.
I haven't had any problems with it and it produces great artwork.
Now you can spend a little bit more money and get something better.
You spend less and get worse.
I bought mine use which made it even cheaper.
I paid less than $100 for it.
So if you'd rather not pay retail price for it you can go ahead and buy a used one.
Now the last thing you're going to need for this course is some basic drawing skills.
And by that I just mean you need to be able to look at an object perceive it and draw the basic shapes
of it.
You also are going to need to be able to draw just some basic straight lines.
Other than that it's that's that's basically all you're going to need for this course.
So I'm excited.
Let's jump right in and get started.